The Stripe fiat-to-crypto onramp lets users securely purchase and exchange cryptocurrencies directly from your platform or decentralized application (Dapp) at checkout. You can customize and integrate the onramp into your product or service. To access the onramp API, submit an onramp application.
Stripe serves as the merchant of record for these onramp transactions and assumes full liability for all fraud and disputes. We also handle all regulatory requirements, know your customer (KYC) verifications, and sanctions screening. Customers can save payment methods, KYC data, and wallet information with Stripe, which reduces the number of steps required when users return to onramp.
Use the Stripe-hosted onramp to redirect your customer to check out in the standalone page.
Use the Embedded onramp to let your customers check out directly in your website.
Use the Embedded components onramp (mobile SDK) to let your customers check out directly in your application. Join the waitlist for private preview.

SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION
To access the Onramp API, including testing environments, you must follow these steps to submit your application. We review most onramp applications within 48 hours.
Create or sign in to your Stripe account and submit the onramp application.
Complete your Stripe application.
After submitting the application, start development using testing environments.
We notify you when your application is approved or if we need more information. You can check your application status anytime by visiting the onboarding page.

INTEGRATION OPTIONS
There are three ways to integrate with Stripe’s fiat-to-crypto onramp:
Stripe-hostedEmbeddedEmbedded componentsAvailabilityPublic preview. For access, submit an onramp application.Public preview. For access, submit an onramp application.Private preview. For access, sign up.Use caseIf you want to use the onramp without writing code. Send customers to a standalone onramp at crypto.link.comIf you want to embed the onramp directly into your website or a mobile webview using the Onramp API.If you want a native Android or iOS mobile integration with more UI customization options. Requires integration with mobile SDK and Stripe APIs.CustomizationSome customization, including the suggested source or destination amount, destination currency, and networkBrand customization and full parameter customization with the Onramp APIFull UI and parameter customization with the Onramp SDK and APIHostingStripe-hostedEmbed in your websiteEmbed in your app1 The Stripe-hosted onramp provides two different integration options with different levels of customization available.

FEATURES
Both the Embedded and Embedded components onramps come with the following built-in features:
Merchant of recordWhen you use the onramp, Stripe acts as your merchant of record. A merchant of record is the legal entity responsible for facilitating the sale of products to a user.Stripe’s checkout infrastructurePre-populate transaction parameters (wallets, source and destination currencies, source and destination amounts, supported networks)
Every session status change generates a webhook
Returning users can check out faster with Link, Stripe’s consumer account infrastructure
CustomizationAdd real-time quotes, automated KYC, and multi-chain support with very little coding
Implement using an embeddable widget, customizable to your brand
Disputes managmentNo platform fraud liability, Stripe handles all disputes.Payment methodsCredit, debit, Apple Pay, and ACH (US only). All of these payment methods are eligible for instant crypto delivery after KYC completion.Currencies
Available currencies are subject to change for integration options in private preview.
ETH (Ethereum)
ETH (Base)1
SOL
POL
MATIC
BTC
AVAX
XLM1
USDC (Ethereum)
USDC (Solana)1
USDC (Polygon)1
USDC (Avalanche)1
USDC (Base)1
USDC (Stellar)1
Geographic availabilityUS and EU countries1XLM, USDC (Stellar), USDC (Avalanche), and USDC (Polygon) aren’t available in New York. ETH (Base), MATIC, AVAX, USDC (Solana), USDC (Polygon), USDC (Avalanche), and USDC (Base) aren’t supported in the EU.

SIGN UP
